.\" Copyright (c) 2021, 2022, 2023
.\" Ariston Lorenzo <me@ariston.dev>. All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its 
.\"    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
.\"    this software without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS''
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"	@(#) $Id: neon.1,v 1.2 2023/05/19 14:11:41 atl Exp $
.\"
.Dd May 19, 2023
.Dt NEON 1
.Sh NAME
neon \- A simple project revision tracker
.Sh SYNOPSIS 
.Nm neon
.Op Fl h
.Op Fl v
.Ar command
.Op flags
.Op Ar
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm NEON
is the front end to the
.Li NEON
project revision tracker programs.
NEON is a project revision tracker built in C for a UNIX environment. It takes
queues from many other version control systems like Git, BitKeeper (SCCS), CVS
(RCS), and others.

This wrapper program lets you run each NEON program under one program.
Flags to be passed to 
.Nm neon
should be put first before the
.Ar command
argument.
Flags to be passed to actual
.Li NEON
program comes after the 
.Ar command
argument.
.Sh OPTIONS
.Pp
\-h
   Prints the usage of the
.Nm neon
command.
.Re
.Pp
\-v
   Prints the version information of the whole
.Nm NEON
suite.
.Sh AUTHOR
NEON was written by Ariston Lorenzo.
Copyright (c) 2021, 2022, 2023 Ariston Lorenzo. All rights reserved.
See the source tree for more information.
.Sh BUGS
Most features of modern version control systems aren't implemented yet and
current functions may not work as expected.
